Added API Indexing (#1)
takeshape/takeshape-starter-auth0-stripe: README.md

> # TakeShape API Indexing Starter: Auth0 + Stripe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TakeShape Starter: Auth0 + Stripe
```

API indexing is a feature, prominently mention it in the text below but it doesn't need to be in the title.

3. Create a TakeShape project using the pattern in this repo. This button will deploy the project for you:

>    - <a href="https://app.takeshape.io/add-to-takeshape?repo=https://github.com/takeshape/takeshape-starter-auth0-stripe/tree/add-api-indexing/.takeshape/pattern"><img alt="Deploy To TakeShape" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1b580e3ce353d235bde0f376ca35b0fb26d685f3750a3013ae4b225dd3aaf344/68747470733a2f2f696d616765732e74616b6573686170652e696f2f32636363633832352d373062652d343331632d396261302d3130616233386563643361372f6465762f38653266376264612d306530382d346564652d613534362d3664663539626536613862622f4465706c6f79253230746f25323054616b65536861706525343032782e706e673f6175746f3d666f726d6174253243636f6d7072657373" width="205" height="38" data-canonical-src="https://images.takeshape.io/2cccc825-70be-431c-9ba0-10ab38ecd3a7/dev/8e2f7bda-0e08-4ede-a546-6df59be6a8bb/Deploy%20to%20TakeShape%402x.png?auto=format%2Ccompress" style="max-width:100%;"></a>

Reviewer: URL needs to be corrected for `main`

   available to purchase.

   - Go to the `Settings` tab, then to `API Keys`.
   - Create a new API Key and name it whatever you like, such as `starter`.

>    - Give it `read` permissions.

Reviewer: Check out the kitchen sink starter's roles. The roles should be given clear names that refer to the user and their status and capabilities, rather than being named for the permissions they might confer. For this project you should have two roles, `authenticated` and `anonymous`.

   - (Optional) Enter your Stripe webhook endpoint secret in the **Webhook Secret** field.
   - **Save** the service.

4. Set up API Indexing

   - After saving your service, you'll be shown a popup modal with a list of all available queries and mutations you can import into your project. Select "Skip".
   - Next, you should see a snackbar notification at the bottom of your screen that will first say "Started indexing Stripe_Product," then says "Finished indexing Stripe_Product (x successful, y failed)" with x and y representing the number of products successfully and unsuccessfully indexed.

   ![Indexing snackbar](./images/finished-indexing.png)

   - If you do not see this snackbar, you can re-trigger Indexing by clicking on Stripe in your list of services on the left. You will be taken to the service page, where you can click the **Reindex Data** button as shown below.

   ![Navigating to the Stripe service page](./images/nav-to-stripe.png)

   ![Reindexing button](./images/reindex.png)

   - (Optional) To configure your webhooks, navigate to the API tab and click the JSON tab in the workbench as shown below.

      ![Navigating to the JSON schema](./images/nav-to-json.png)

>       - In your project's JSON schema, you'll find a root-level `indexedShapes` object. This is where your API indexing is configured. To trigger indexing whenever a webhook event fires, add a new object to your `triggers` array as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - In your project's JSON schema, you'll find a root-level `indexedShapes` object. This is where your API indexing is configured. Set up the `triggers` array as shown below to reindex your products whenever they change in Stripe. This uses the Stripe webhook you set up earlier.
```

1. Head over to your trusty terminal or tool of choice.

>    - Clone this repo with `git clone https://github.com/takeshape/takeshape-starter-api-indexing-auth0-stripe`.

Reviewer: repo name
